Add a draft for the Q4 2023 update (#321)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: quarterly/2023-Q4-consensus.md

| [Assist with repo transfer to Intersect][425]                         | ✅ Done |
| [Support vendors to deliver contracts][427]                           | ✅ Done |
| [Operation serenity Q4 2023][415]                                     | ✅ Done |

## Highlights

### Implement legacy mode for UTxO-HD to keep baseline performance

- We managed to run a UTxO-HD capable node in legacy mode, which maintains the baseline memory usage while keeping all the ledger state in memory.
- Legacy mode is not production ready: it requires further integration and testing.
- TOOD: mention work on redesign of the backing store API and integration, and relevance for an in-memory mode that keeps baseline performance.

### Assist mainnet node release with initial Conway capabilities

- High-level highlight 1
- ...

### Assist with test, benchmark, and improvements to CIP 1694

(We could merge this section with the one above)

- High-level highlight 1
- ...

### Assist with P2P IOG relay network shut down

### Assist with repo transfer to Intersect

### Support vendors to deliver contracts

- TODO: highlight collaboration between Tweag, Nick and Alex

> - TODO: highlight collaboration between Javier and Joris.

Author: Let's mention the presentations and milestones reached regarding LSM.

### Operation serenity Q4 2023

> - ...

Author: Mention new team member @RenateEilers :tada:

> - We added a test to check Consensus emits valid CBOR, which prevents the generation of invalid binary encoding.

Author: ```suggestion
- We added tests to check Consensus emits valid CBOR, which prevents the generation of invalid binary encoding.
```
